as you may know in addition to my work
as host of the show I'm also a TV judge
I dispense justice and wisdom alongside
my trusty bailiff Guillermo these are
real cases we swoop in and steal them
from small claims court with real
litigants who have inexplicably decided
to let their disputes be said it settled
by none other than Judge James this is
the pleat Richard Townsend
he claims he hired the defendant Shira
Louis to build up a meditation shrine
and when he made it known he wasn't
happy with her work she refused to
repair or reimburse he's seeking
enlightenment to the tune of five
thousand two hundred fifteen dollars
this is the defendant Shearer Aloha she
maintains that the plaintiff approved
the shrine every step of the way then
claimed to be dissatisfied a month after
delivery it's the case of when Buddha
got screwed up raise your right hand
what you are about to witness is real
the participants are not actors they're
actual litigants with a case pending in
civil court both parties have agreed to
drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James rise for
your honor James I'm in Jaws James
Oh summit reduction anything else I've
been swearing you on what but this
little little I've been saying your
honor but with you completely your honor
what that Michigan
I've been swear your honor Costel over
there all right you ready feed it except
for the plate different defendant all
that was my job you want oh sorry go
ahead say it
oh you can sit down yes okay here we go
we're really clicking already let's see
here Richard Townsend you are suing
Shearer Aloha for fifty two hundred
fifteen dollars for the prepayment of a
custom meditation shrine that you claim
was not made satisfactorily correct
miss Laura you claim that mr. Townsend
says he prepaid is a lie and you also
claim that after you send him photos of
the shrine you completed he texted back
that you quote nailed it tell me about
this meditation I'm telling you
yes please show me thank you tell me
what is the purpose of this meditation
shrine what is the purpose of it yeah to
meditate on do you use you kneel on it
no no you don't sit on it you sit in
front of it what is it about the shrine
that dissatisfied you there are several
things about this trying to satisfy me
there's really a lack of a lack of
attention to detail that went into this
and if you look at the right side of the
piece of work you can see one corner
it's riveted on the other corner it's
not riveted so and here's what it looks
like when it's not riveted up close
either the corner peels up it's
inconsistent you're very picky for a guy
who doesn't button his shirt I'll tell
you that let's get to the big point so I
told her and we discussed this clearly
that the fabric that was going to be put
on here was going to need to be
stretched for obvious reasons
upholstered we don't want to show
wrinkles and we don't want to show well
exactly what shows in the picture look
at the increases and the imperfections
on that it wasn't pull tied to look good
when you received it now this is how it
looked from the moment I took it out of
the box isn't it relatively simple to
stretch the fabric you want to talk
about that because laughs what the hell
is this and I did the fabric portions I
we had talked about different solutions
to making the fabric work how much would
it cost to fix a piece to fix the
panel's yeah I wouldn't say any more
than $1000 panel sections your honor I
could demonstrate how it should have
been done I mean I with respect to this
gentleman he's suffering from a lack of
imagination I got a lot it's got the
devil of its own I think he's got some
imagination thank you as far as you
nailed it goes when did you get that
email from mr. Townsend this is the text
message string of photos and I finished
the project and that's
very end of those sodas is his response
so those are photographs so mr. Townsend
you saw the photographs and based on the
photograph it look good to you exact and
then when you saw it in person you were
not happy with it correct exactly what's
your relationship like now
you were friends beforehand we're still
friends now no I
yeah when you're meditating you think
about this sometimes actually I try not
to is it one of the tenets of Buddhism
to reject material possessions oh no no
it's not to know if it's on a tenant now
seem like it should be right yeah your
honor on that I've had in the same
folder you are looking at there's a
bunch more pieces of previous and
current work that I've been doing there
any games on this iPad games I don't
know probably are there any pictures of
you and say a bikini or welding yes yes
then I'll go through this all right
meditate I'll be back with my ruling
will Judge James Rubin favor of captain
cleavage or will he jump through hoop
earrings to find in favor of the
defendant and will this bumbling bailiff
be able to put together a coherent
sentence but Judge James verdict when we
return this bare-chested Buddhist says
the piece of work you'd commissioned
from the defendant is a pieces the
defendant disagrees judge james is about
to rule let's listen you may be seated
so I've given this a lot of thought by
the way I thought you're kidding about
the bikini shots your artwork is very
good and I like the bikini shots as well
[Music]
did you open another button since I was
gone
all right so bottom line is this
you made the shrine it looked good in
the photos that you sent him when he got
the shrine he was unhappy we still don't
know for sure how much it would cost to
fix that fabric but I called in an
expert we please send in our expert he
goes by the name mr. fabric
mr. fabric mr. fabrics in your expert
opinion how much would it cost to fix
the imperfections in the shrine I'll say
like them like two thousand six hundred
dollars and 42 cents two thousand six
hundred dollars and 42 cents all right
that is half the cost of the shrine I
award the plaintiff two thousand six
hundred dollars and 42 cents namaste
all right this case is finished
everybody got a lead all right judge
James has rendered his verdict let's
speak with the defendant first how do
you feel about the decision um I hope
that his meditation practice improves
with less wrinkles you do yeah now he
says you're still friends what do your
plans this weekend with the plaintiffs
definitely not no okay go back and
meditate here mind some things for you
to sign it now now the plaintiff the big
winner you're happy with the verdict I'm
very satisfied yeah I feel great well
either way riveting testimony about
rivets and why don't you go use the
rivets which close up that shirt thank
you on the next drugs James
Oh
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever